0 Jazyk/Language: English;

1 Story;
2 Deathmatch;
3 Quit;
4 Monsters;
5 Settings;
6 Help;
7 Credits;

10 Kill 'em all!;
11 Number of players;
12 Code;
13 Back;

20 Fight!;
21 Number of players;
22 Monsters;
23 Victories;
24 Bonus level;
25 Back;

30 Language : English;
31 Limited deathmatch;
32 Unlimited deadmatch;
33 Visible explosion presumption;
34 Invisible explosion presumption;
35 Game speed;
37 Play in window;
38 Play in fullscreen;
42 Sound On;
43 Sound Off;
36 Back;

40 Pause;
41 Corpses;


60 Speed;
61 AI Level;
62 Variable;
63 Lives;

70 Controls;
71 1. Player;
72 2. Player;
73 3. Player;
74 4. Player;
75 Right;
76 Left;
77 Game speed;
78 Pause;
79 NumLock;

100 Bombic;
101 Grey ball;
102 Slimer;
103 Clouder;
104 Ghost;
105 Trap;
106 Red ball;
107 Advanced trap;
108 TV;
109 Sandmaster;
110 Mooner;
111 Dummy;

120 Peacefull creature. It is happy with his friends.
He likes it even more when he has something good to drink.;
121 Small and stupid. It cares only about
something to eat.;
122 It hates water. That is why it is so dirty and
it never washes. Nodody has ever seen it clean.;
123 Peacefully flying creature. Unfortunately
it is poisonous when you touch it.;
124 Large and strong bad guy. It is good idea
to watch out for him.;
125 Classic dangerous trap - Big bad rolling 
ball with spikes.;
126 Family related to the Grey ball.
But more adapted for wild life.;
127 Advanced version of the rolling ball. It is faster
and it has a heat detector.;
128 Bad-mannered TV set. There was a short
circuit and TV revived. Watch out for its lightning.;
129 Related to the Slimer.
It uses its horns instead of slime for defense.;
130 Fast, insidious and very dangerous.
It is good idea to run away. Far away.; 
131 The meanest bad guy of them all. It kills everyone.
The meanest from the meaniest.;

500 Once I was reading my newspapers. My favorite 
Daily Bomb. I found an advertisement: "We are searching
for a courageous one for trip to the forest. We want
him to deliver a message to the hermit. The reward shall 
be a chest of Becherovka". Well, I had nothing else to do 
so I decided to go...;

501 As soon as I reached the forest, i was attacked by
some enemy creatures. Some disgusting flying heads.
They scared me. But I had my bombs ready to use. They
had no chance.;

502 I'm going deeper and I'm thinking it is going to be 
a hard job. They forgot to mention these creatures in 
the advertisement. Someone should come here and clean
it up. Fortunately I have found some bonuses on the way. 
They have upgraded my bombs. We will see how it will 
continue.....;

503 There are more and more of those stupid creatures 
along the way. But I met the Slimer today. He isn't
as stupid as I thought. Becherovka is the only thing that 
makes me continue in this quest where my life is at stake. 
I hope I'm going to live long enough to tell about it.;

504 Great statue of Bombers. This group of statues
was probably built to commemorate some great bomber 
warrior. Unfortunately his name is unreadable. I wish 
I had his skills. It would be very useful. Wait. This 
memorial isn't on the map! I hope they have given me the 
right map.;

505 At last. I have found the hermit's cabin but nobody was 
there. It was empty. Do you understand it? The whole effort 
was for nothing. There are only enemy creatures all around. 
There was one extremely strong wondering infront of the cabin.
   Wow! I have just found some supplies of Becherovka. I took 
the liberty of keeping some of the bottles. Just for taste...;

507 Zzzzzzzzz, zzzzzzzzz,zzzzzzzz...;

508 It was a dream. Almost a nightmare. The surrounding was 
beautiful. But what about the ghost that was there. Fortunately
it wasn't a hard job to deal with. I should stop with this 
bombing stuff. It starts getting into my dreams.

   The hermit disappeared so I'm definitely not staying any 
longer on this place. It is far too dangerous to stay here and 
wait. Let's go home. It should be an easy way back.;

510 It doesn't look familiar here. I have a bad feeling about this. 
I sure haven't gone this way the first time. Noooo - I'm lost.
Now what? I have got a good idea. I'll keep heading in this 
direction and hopefully I'll reach the end of this forest.;

511 Poor fellow hermit. The Cloud probably killed him. 
Now I know why the message for him was: "Don't do it. 
It is too dangerous.";

512 There in front of me I see a chest. It is probably 
the one, for which the hermit was searching for. Since 
I already found it I'll look what's inside. But I have 
to get rid of that ghost who is guarding it first.
I have a feeling I had a dream about this creature.;

513 It was a mortal kombat. When my pulse returned to normal,
I realized, that the chest is empty. But I have found 
footprints leading to the cave. Let's go there...;

515 Hek Uh Uh Chrchl Chrchl... Next time...
chrchl uh uh... I have to be... hek...
... more careful... aaahhrrr...
... I can see the light...;


520 I wonder where does this cave lead to. I'll reveal 
it soon. The guy who stole the treasure from the chest 
will probably be there.;

521 It is unbelievable. It looks like this small cave 
is in fact a large complex full of corridors. I have no 
idea, why someone created this complex in the middle of 
a forest. I'll try to find out.;
  Unfortunately it looks like I'm not alone here. I met 
my old "friends" - again. But I also found some good 
stuff - good stuff for finishing them off.;

522 I was almost killed by some rolling stones with spikes. 
They change direction when they reach a wall - maybe it's 
some sort of a trap ??!! But what is it supposed to guard;
My old enemies disappeared as well. Only some of them probably
entered the cave from the forest entrance.;

523 I have found a mysterious machine. I have tried to 
explore it further, but have been unable to recognize it.
I wish I paid more attention while studying at school.;
My old enemies are history.; 

524 I crossed paths with a new kind of enemy. It's size 
and shape is similar to the one in the forest, but it 
seems to be mutated somehow. It has a red color and it's 
much harder to kill. If I don't find a way out of this 
place - well, I'll go nuts that's for sure.;

525 Oh. What have we here? Hmmm. What a pleasent smell !!! 
How could someone possibly forget something like this over here. 
It won't stay here for long that's for sure...;

526 Mmm. Tasty... yammy...;

527 It looks like my favorite drink has special effect on me. 
If I'm right then I won't like this.;

528 It's starting to be somewhat damaged in here. I'm surely 
getting nearer to the end. Hope it won't be my end though.
I saw a special trap. It has a better software and it's a lot 
faster.;

529 Oh my... my nightmare monster. Now you'll see what my 
kamikadze attack looks like you old TV. Only one of us can 
get through this alive and I'm not planning on dying.;

530 At last. I can see the sunshine again. And now let's 
go home - to our local pub. I'm looking forward to seeing 
my old friends;

540 I was expecting a different feeling, but at least
the Sun is shining and I can breath fresh air again. 
I hope I'll get to the civilization soon. I'm missing 
TV and video. And I want hamburger and cola...and my 
favourite Becherovka;

541 Oh no. These red creatures are boring. I wonder 
why there isn't any more powerfull creature. These 
are really stupid. My grandmother would kill them 
easily.;

542 Ha the predator is here. He doesn't look like my 
grandma but he is strong enough. I saw him eating the 
red creature but it saw me and it started to hunt me. 
Fortunately it is a bit slow.;

543 I have seen something like this before. Oh yes. This 
creature was in front of hermit's cabin and it almost got me. 
I hope they are rare. I don't want to face them any more. I'll 
rather try to avoid contact with them;

544 It looks like someone sure didn't know what how to ride on 
a boat!. And when they got out the desert didn't give them 
much of a chance either. There is something written on the hull.
"Expedition sea of wishes. Happiness for everyone".
What does it mean? Who could be searching for sea in the middle 
of a desert?;

545 Wow. Could I have found the sea of wishes. Judging from it's color
it is obvious that it isn't water.; 
   Do you smell it? Oh yes. This one smells much better...;

546 Chrrrrr Chrrrrrr Chrrrrr...;

547 Dreams are such a good thing. At least I know what kind of trouble 
am I getting into. I can't do much with it. But I won't give up.
I won't let anyone kill me easily.;

548 Look what I have found. A well. But it has run dry. Caravans 
probably use to travel this way... I'm getting nearer to
civilization. Suddenly I'm in much better mood...;

549 As I'm watching him he looks like a realy bad guy. He sure 
doesn't look friendly. I'll try to negotiate - using my bombs 
of course.; 

550 The Great evil hero was guarding the sea of wishes. 
No I can wish for something. The only thing I can think of is this:

BECHEROVKA FOR EVERYONE AND FOR FREE. DON'T LET ANYONE LEAVE EMPTY HANDED;